= SlideShow (S9) patch -- 

Please 

* Note this is not the original gem slideshow, only a (useful?) patch.
* For information about how to install and use SlideShow, go to http://slideshow.rubyforge.org/

== Changes in this patch (relatives to slideshow 0.6.1)

I'm maniatic about separate source from build products, but slideshow
outputs files where it founds the input file. More: slideshow
only support the input file at current path, i .e.
 
	slideshow ./src/sample.textile 

don't works.

I'm maniatic, so 
* added support for full and relative paths in input file name, 
* added an extra option "-o my/output/path". 

Now, I can run

	slideshow -o slides1 src/sample.textile

and I get my slides in slides1 directory. 

If no -o is given, the ouput is writen to directory "slides" (relative to current),
but you can "-o ." for backward compatibility. 

== Install

 We are waiting for this patch be merged in the main line of SlideShow. This will be notified here.

 For now, you need first install the gem slideshow 0.6.1, and then owerwrite files at this repo.

= slideshow

* FIX (url)

== DESCRIPTION:

FIX (describe your package)

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* FIX (list of features or problems)

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIX (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

* FIX (list of requirements)

== INSTALL:

* FIX (sudo gem install, anything else)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 FIXME full name

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.